c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Vanyofy.exe.config
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Vanyofy.exe
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Vanyofy.pdb
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.g.resources
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.exe
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.pdb
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\SpotifyAPI.dll
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ivans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\SpotifyAPI.xml
C:\Users\ivans\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\SpotifyService.dll
C:\Users\ivans\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\SpotifyService.pdb
C:\Users\ivans\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\NumberSetter.g.cs
C:\Users\ivans\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\NumberSetter.baml
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\NumberSetter.g.cs
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\NumberSetter.baml
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.exe
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.pdb
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Vanyofy.exe.config
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Vanyofy.exe
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Vanyofy.pdb
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\SpotifyAPI.dll
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\SpotifyService.dll
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\SpotifyService.pdb
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\bin\Debug\SpotifyAPI.xml
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.g.resources
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\work\me\Vanyofy\Vanyofy\obj\Debug\Vanyofy.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
